I can summon the which is through cloud
pine each spray of cloud pine is
specific to a witch show us which one is
sarafina Pecola's
chameleon numer
this one's hurt I'd like to give you
something to take away with you carry
this spray with you and if you ever
truly need her she will come dr. Lance
alias may I ask you something of course
what questions should we be asking you
that we are not
you're weak you may have heart but the
Magisterium have muscle
I would ask where I could obtain the
services of an armored bear I understood
the armored bears answered to nobody
there was at least one who does an exile
he shamed his people but be warned his
skill with metal makes him useful to the
town they don't like strangers knowing
about him or interfering in his affairs
you'll find him beside innocence bar but
to get him away or take some doing his
name is Yorick Ernest
[Music]
you